[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Majin Buu's near-limitless power
continued to overwhelm
all who faced it,
with Gohan and Supreme Kai
becoming his latest casualties.
Just think. This Majin Buu,
there's something
wrong with him,
something in his nature.
He'll never be the
loyal servant you wanted.
You hurt Buu.
Now Buu eat you.
[NARRATOR]
Delivering on his threat,
Majin Buu magically
transformed Dabura
into a shortbread cookie
and ate him in one bite.
[SUPREME KAI groans]
[BUU laughs]
Buu wonder what food
to turn you into.
A chocolate? Or maybe jelly?
[laughs]
The smug ruler of us all!
Turned into children's candy!
[laughs]
What? Ah! My ship!
[BABIDI yells]
[SUPREME KAI groans]
[NARRATOR] Babidi finds out
who's behind the blast
that destroyed his ship,
and who distracted Majin Buu
from turning Supreme Kai
into a sugary snack,
now on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[gasps]
Aah! My-- My ship!
My ship is destroyed!
No! Not fair!
Curses! Curses! Curses!
I did not need this!
Hey! Majin Buu.
You didn't happen to see who
blew up my ship, did you?
What? Is someone coming?
You! You did this!
Hm. Yep.
--[TRUNKS] Dad!
--[KRILLIN] Vegeta?
[PICCOLO grunts]
You traitor! After all
the power I gave you!
[chuckles]
[SUPREME KAI groans]
Is... that Vegeta?
What were you thinking?
Do you have any idea
what you've done?
[VEGETA]
Overkill, I know.
But smashing through
your ship's portals
was the fastest way here.
[BABIDI]
How could you do this?
You're supposed to be
under my control!
I never ordered you to turn my
spaceship into a pile of rubble!
Heh.
I don't understand how
you continue to defy me!
I've never met a more disloyal,
insubordinate servant!
[VEGETA] So, is that pink blob
with the cape Majin Buu?
Aah!
Well then. You're the
cruel monster who killed Gohan!
[gasps]
Piccolo, what's wrong?
What did my dad say?
Piccolo!
[PICCOLO]
Gohan.
"Monster"? What's that?
This man talking about Buu?
What? It just means you're big.
Oh, and your face
is scary-looking.
Oh...
[chuckles]
[grunts]
[BABIDI]
Buu, watch it.
Majin Buu!
[grunts]
[whistles]
[whistles continue]
[laughs]
He's a real piece of work.
You make Buu mad!
Now Buu gonna kill you!
[chuckles]
You chose poorly coming here.
I won't stand
for any more of this.
Let him have it, Majin Buu.
He's useless to me now!
[hollers]
[KRILLIN]
Not smart, Vegeta.
That creature's ramping up
his energy even more.
That's one scary dude.
All right, Dad!
Wipe the floor
with that guy! Yeah!
Vegeta.
[BABIDI panting]
Kill him, Buu! Kill Vegeta
with all your power!
Don't hold back!
[BUU chuckles]
[VEGETA] Kakarot,
I never could stand you.
I've hated you
since the moment we met.
Hated you with all that I am.
[VEGETA] You've been a cruel
joke played on me by fate.
No matter how strong I became,
you somehow managed
to keep one step ahead.
I had to suffer the indignity
of you saving my life.
And then you had to die.
But today I will be the hero.
So sleep now, Kakarot.
Sleep as long as you want.
When you wake,
this will all be over.
Majin Buu's story
will be finished.
And so will mine.
[yells]
I'm not going
to hell by myself!
I'm taking you
all along for the ride!
Oh, no. It sounds like
he has a death wish.
[bellows]
[yells]
[yelling continues]
[TRUNKS]
You got him, Dad!
[KRILLIN] I'm starting
to get hopeful here.
Maybe your dad
does have a chance!
So much power on display.
[bellows]
Oh, no. Buu.
He's down. Get up!
You're doing great, Dad!
Don't let up on the attack now!
[BUU]
Mmmm-mm!
[VEGETA grunts]
Ve-ge-ta.
What? What's going on?
How could he do this?
Destroy him, Buu!
Oh, wow. Vegeta is even
stronger than I thought!
[chuckles]
[TRUNKS] Go Dad, go!
Come on, Dad!
You got this! All right!
You're the strongest
fighter ever!
Let him have it, Dad!
Come on, you can do it!
[PICCOLO] Vegeta's gone
beyond Super Saiyan.
I've never seen him
at a level like this.
[PICCOLO]
Vegeta's power's incredible!
It's as strong as Gohan's
was when he fought Cell.
Maybe stronger!
But not enough to
save Gohan from Majin Buu.
I just wish we knew
where Goku was.
If Vegeta can't handle
Majin Buu alone,
there may not be
anyone left in this world
who's ready to bring this
monster to his knees.
The fate of our planet--no,
the fate of our entire universe
may depend on Vegeta now.
[VEGETA grunts]
[BUU yells]
[BUU groans]
No, that can't be!
It's impossible!
There's no way that Vegeta can
defeat Majin Buu in battle!
[PICCOLO gasps]
Whoa!
Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
My dad's the strongest
fighter ever! Ha-ha!
Hey, Goten? Did you see
my dad just now? Ooo-ah!
Yeah. He's really amazing!
Duh, of course!
My dad always comes
through in a big battle.
[TRUNKS, GOTEN chuckle]
Hold on!
[BUU]
Wee!
[grunts]
[chuckles]
[laughs intensely]
Yes! I knew you would survive!
Now it's our turn
to strike back!
Destroy that no good traitor!
[BUU hums]
[VEGETA grunts]
Come on, Dad. Fight!
[yells]
Aah!
[BUU hollers]
[yells]
[BOTH]
We won! We won! We won!
Awesome. Buu's out.
Hmph!
[BABIDI]
No, he can't be dead!
Majin Buu, no!
You left this world too soon!
Go Dad! Huh?
[BUU]
Buu!
You hurt Buu only a little bit.
What are you? Immortal?
[BABIDI laughs]
Majin Buu is back!
I never doubted you!
Now finish the job
and wipe out Vegeta!
[grunts]
[BUU yells]
Buu no like you!
Buu really no like you!
[BUU yells]
Uh-oh. I think
we spoke too soon.
[grunts]
Hey! Buu, careful!
Buu really...
...does not like you!
Ah! Barrier!
Go! Get outta here!
[explosion]
Hey! You coulda killed me!
Hey! Where are you guys?
You okay?
[exhales]
Oh, man. Too close.
[TRUNKS grunts]
Ow-ow-ow-ow-ow.
Did you guys see
where Goten went?
Hmm.
[yelps]
[laughs]
[GOTEN, TRUNKS laugh]
Don't scare me like that, Goten!
Here. Stay out
of trouble, Mr. Lizard.
Wait, the Supreme Kai is gone!
Dad!
[VEGETA groans]
[grunts]
[BUU] Buu-Buu-Buu!
Buu-Buu-Buu! Buu-Buu-Buu!
[laughs]
Wow, I can't believe
Vegeta's in one piece,
and still standing.
It's too bad he's such
a disobedient fool,
otherwise he'd make
a fine servant.
So much wasted potential.
Damn. He's too strong.
And if he's capable of
regenerating from any wound,
then defeating him in battle
may be impossible.
If that's true...
[NARRATOR] The effort to stop
a monster has turned into
a fight for Vegeta's life.
But the fierce Saiyan
claims he intends to
stop Majin Buu at all cost.
Now his brave words
will be put to the test
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Vegeta's in trouble,
as his strongest attacks
didn't leave a mark
on Majin Buu.
[VEGETA] Take good care
of your mother, Trunks.
Well, Majin Buu.
I finally figured out
how to deal with you.
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN]
For the first time in his life,
Vegeta's fighting for
someone other than himself!